DOCS-11294-use a valid cert (#31)
mulesoft/docs-anypoint-datagraph: modules/ROOT/pages/resolve-runtime-errors.adoc

}
....

Anypoint DataGraph generates this error when it cannot load the unified schema, and it occurs for one of three reasons:

. You’re unable to use Port 8082 on a shared load balancer.
+
Solution: Create a dedicated load balancer (DLB) and xref:hosting-options.adoc#set-a-dedicated-load-balancer-url-for-anypoint-datagraph[set its URL to configure Anypoint DataGraph to route requests through the DLB].

. You've set a DLB using an invalid certficate. 
+

> Solution: Ensure your DLB has a valid, CA-signed certficate, or the browser won't connect to Anypoint DataGraph. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Solution: Ensure that your DLB has a valid, CA-signed certificate, or the browser won't connect to Anypoint DataGraph. 
```
